README.md, before:

## Project Title: GITHUB SEARCH

## Description

This project is helpful to search people that uses GITHUB and having accounts on it. so, once you search someone by writing her/his name in the corresponding place, all details about her/him will be shown such as the picture, number of repositories, people that follows her/him, people that she/he follows and the date she/he created the acoount.
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.2.

## Program Guidance

* First of all you have to make sure that you have an internet connection,
* Open your web browser then,
* Type this link: https://ashleyalpha.github.io/Gitsearch/ to view the website,
* Then, start searching people that use and have accounts on GITHUB.

 ## Technologies Used

* HTML(Hyper Text Markup Language) to create webpages
* CSS(Cascading Style Sheet)Bootstrap and my css styles to style those webpages.
* Angular CLI which contains some installations that you have to generate before using them.
* TS(Typescript to code)

## BDD(Behavior Driven Development)

the program can determine whether the person you are searching do use github or not. once you put the user name of who you are searching for and click on search button, it will tell you that, the user name you inserted can't be found on github or if the person is there on github and have an account, it will show all information about her/him such as repositories number, followers and following.

## Known Bugs



## Acknowledgement

* Moringa school
* Wecode Moringa

## Contacts

Tel: +250782387280 you can call and whatsapp me on that number. Email address: mashleyalpha@gmail.com

## License

MT License. copyright (c) 2019 Alpha MBABAZI.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
# Gitsearch

Commit message:

known bugs in readme edited

README.md, after:

## Project Title: GITHUB SEARCH

## Description

This project is helpful to search people that uses GITHUB and having accounts on it. so, once you search someone by writing her/his name in the corresponding place, all details about her/him will be shown such as the picture, number of repositories, people that follows her/him, people that she/he follows and the date she/he created the acoount.
This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.2.2.

## Program Guidance

* First of all you have to make sure that you have an internet connection,
* Open your web browser then,
* Type this link: https://ashleyalpha.github.io/Gitsearch/ to view the website,
* Then, start searching people that use and have accounts on GITHUB.

 ## Technologies Used

* HTML(Hyper Text Markup Language) to create webpages
* CSS(Cascading Style Sheet)Bootstrap and my css styles to style those webpages.
* Angular CLI which contains some installations that you have to generate before using them.
* TS(Typescript to code)

## BDD(Behavior Driven Development)

the program can determine whether the person you are searching do use github or not. once you put the user name of who you are searching for and click on search button, it will tell you that, the user name you inserted can't be found on github or if the person is there on github and have an account, it will show all information about her/him such as repositories number, followers and following.

## Known Bugs

Known bugs are that once you put the username in appropriate place to such, one of github user properties won't be displayed.

## Acknowledgement

* Moringa school
* Wecode Moringa

## Contacts

Tel: +250782387280 you can call and whatsapp me on that number. Email address: mashleyalpha@gmail.com

## License

MT License. copyright (c) 2019 Alpha MBABAZI.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
# Gitsearch
